nintendo is a team that has also done important things does not make a
team may have been characterized precisely by poor results
playing out so well I could do g to make that job stable
Brussels warned that this match certainly difficult for the team the
deer
but we can consider it as an advanced final
of the end of the year
necessarily by the fact that this had to see that another of the faces with
Culiacán said that this is where we are going to see how it is
replaces telomerase
if we all enter to be in the base a division is very difficult but
remember that he had to look again at the faces with which he intends to
colour
it was a mistake because the long-term
I think that there
there is a large organization in front with a lot of economic potential
mexico that now after pretty cloth destinations
to boot
and they did not play lion and in the box not even not only not play or not
he went out to the bank
all this is a blessing which is that it takes for predictions for those who
they could dunk moment given
sacyr we go down you like the color the previous one the party developed I think
Everything is still to be done
it also influenced nothing else
a result that could be different
but that in the end
it was just a draw
man who traveled abroad
but the blue trillo
they will be in the street
alejandro leyva
the party in the olympic that started from early again appeared the
20 euros
again the shirt but a hundred the tests of 50 and the caps between 15 pesos
also the grandstand the ultra placed the blue flag the colors of the team of the
good fitted level first answered these two if the g8 at the fair that
they implied the barley cube through the un
he reported his cases a year through road congestion the world
again the punctual appointment
with the passion of football in the first time the several fiction applauded today
cost but at five the second time muted
Hector Giménez placed the tie a duel
the worst yet
and the rain arrived
they the actress present
excuse show of life
the position of director
many familiar faces
give up
many people said
on the court
the rain and 25 shown
the happiness of the first division between deer of the merida and golden of
culiacán started here
first johnson and then with rain the sun brought the goal hope and the
delusion
the rain the event here the people are there latent illusion
The coin is in the air
the statistics bet on the champion of the opening 2006
and the miracle
ricardo the black of the tournament 2004
there is nothing written
and the project
urban
with the victory
and made it known to know what happened because why there in advance the
statistics that the numbers are cold but
because he has never lost the culiacán case